WHAT'S YOURS, BOB?
EGG, MAYONNAISE AND
KETCHUP... AWFUL.
WHAT ABOUT YOU GUYS?
CORNED BEEF AND...
WHAT THEY CALL IT?
GHERKINS?
NO, NO, THIN
AND SLIPPERY.
SPARTACUS.
ANCHOVIES.
ANCHOVIES? CORNED BEEF
AND ANCHOVY... CLASSIC.
TONGUE.
FORGOT WHERE
WE'RE GOING AGAIN.
TO WORM.
THE RESTAURANT
SLOP SLOT.
THE HURLEY
BURLEY'S GONE.
WHEN THE LAST MOUTHFUL HITS
THE BOTTOM OF THE BELLY
OF THE LAST DINER...
IN WE GO, SCOOPING
UP THE DEBRIS.
BONES AND GUTS ALL GO
INTO THE BLACK PUDDING.
SKINS OF HAGGISES.
HAGGI.
WHAT?
HAGGIS PLURAL.
WE'LL BE THERE,
DOWN THE ALLEY.
DOWN THE VAT WHERE
NOBODY GOES.
TO MEET THE
KITCHEN WARRIOR.
THE COOKING
BRAVEHEART.
BURP.
♪
DID YOU DO THAT?
NOT ME, BUZZ.
WEREN'T ME NEITHER.
NOW YOU WRAP THE WHOLE
THING UP AND YOU POACH IT.
VERY LIGHTLY, TAKE CARE
NOT TO OVERDO IT.
AND HERE IS ONE THAT
WE POACHED EARLIER.
TAKE A LOOK AT
THAT. BEAUTIFUL.
NOW YOU TAKE A FEW SLICES
AND YOU PAN-FRY IT.
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT THAT
YOU PAN-FRY IT IN BUTTER.
I LOVE BUTTERY
FLAVOR.
A BIT OF ITALY
IN WITH THE IRISH.
♪
MAD BOY!
BUT YOU LOVE ME.
(LAUGHTER)
WHAT?
♪
GOOD EVENING.
NICE TO SEE YOU.
♪ HAVE I EVER TOLD YOU HOW
GOOD IT FEELS TO HOLD YOU? ♪
♪ IT ISN'T EASY
TO EXPLAIN ♪
♪ AND THOUGH I'M REALLY TRYING
I THINK I MAY START CRYING ♪
♪ MY HEART CAN'T
WAIT ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ WHEN YOU KISS ME
I JUST GOTTA... ♪
♪ KISS ME I JUST GOTTA... ♪
♪ KISS ME I JUST
GOTTA SAY ♪
♪ BABY, I LOVE YOU ♪
♪ COME ON, BABY ♪
DO I HAVE A BEAUTIFUL
VOICE, BOYS?
YES, JOE!
NO, JOE.
ALRIGHT, JOHNNY,
BANDANNA BOY, OVER HERE.
JAMES, YOU AS WELL.
ALRIGHT, FIRST
RULE IN A KITCHEN.
RESPECT.
SEE THIS ANIMAL?
THIS ANIMAL WAS NOBLE,
HIGHLY INTELLIGENT, FEELING.
IT DIED FOR US.
NEVER FORGET THAT.
OKAY, FIRST OFF
ARE THE EARS...
THEN I'M GONNA CUT DOWN
THE FRONT OF THE FACE...
BE CAREFUL WITH
YOUR HANDS.
AND YOU'RE PEELING THE
SKIN AWAY WITH YOUR HAND
MORE THAN YOU'RE ACTUALLY
CUTTING WITH THE KNIFE.
TURN IT BACK AROUND,
GET YOUR CLEAVER...
AND THAT UNLEASHES
EVERYTHING.
EARS, CHEEK, TONGUE,
BRAIN. NO WASTE.
THAT, IN A WORD,
IS RESPECT.
RIGHT, CHEF.
ANYBODY CAN MAKE
IT IN A KITCHEN
IF THEY'VE GOT THE
GUTS AND THE PASSION.
IT'S NOT WHAT THEIR BACKGROUND
IS OR THEIR HISTORY.
ALRIGHT, JOHNNY BOY.
ON YOUR WAY.
RODDY, YOU GOT THOSE
LAMB CHOPS STUFFED?
I, UH...
YES OR NO, RODDY.
NO, CHEF. SORRY, CHEF.
A FEW TOO MANY
SCOOPS LAST NIGHT?
GET 'EM
DONE, MATE.
YES, CHEF.
PORK ASSORTMENTS.
OKAY, ONE PORK ASSORTMENT,
ONE LAMB HOCK, TABLE 8.
CHEF!
MY ASS, RODDY!
GOOD ASS?
ALWAYS.
WHAT'S THAT?
THAT'S THE SWEAT.
THE CRACK IN YOUR ASS KILLS
YOU IF YOU DON'T DROWN IT.
(LAUGHTER)
CHEF, IT WAS MY FAULT RODDY
DIDN'T GET THE LAMB STUFFED.
IS THAT RIGHT, EH?
I WAS TALKING TO HIM
AND HE PROBABLY
DIDN'T FEEL HE
COULD TELL ME TO SHUT UP.
IF I MAKE A MISTAKE,
IT HURTS ME.
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND THAT?
I MEAN ACTUAL
PHYSICAL PAIN.
I EXPECT THE SAME FROM
EVERYBODY WHO WORKS FOR ME.
ALL THIS, IT
HAS TO MATTER.
VERY GORDON RAMSEY!
WE DON'T USE THAT
NAME IN THIS KITCHEN.
DIDN'T YOUR
FATHER TELL YOU?
ALRIGHT, TWO MALLARD,
TWO BEEF, TABLE 6, LET'S GO!
CHEF!
IT'S BAD LUCK
TO SAY OUT LOUD.
JUST CALL HIM "THE
SCOTTISH CHEF", YEAH?
ABOUT AS SCOTTISH
AS SPOTTED DICK.
YOU NEED TO GET YOUR
HANDS IN THERE, SON.
COME ON,
EXPRESS YOURSELF.
THAT'S BEAUTIFUL,
ON YOU GO.
RODDY, COME HERE.
GOOD WORK TODAY.
ALRIGHT, BOYS!
WIPE DOWN.
I WANT THIS PLACE SHINING
LIKE WET CALF'S LIVER.
DRINK OR SLEEP?
DRINK, OBVIOUSLY.
'NIGHT, CHEF!
"WET CALF'S LIVER" -
YOU'RE GETTING TOO POETIC
FOR YOUR OWN GOOD.
COME ON! 50% OF THAT
KITCHEN'S IRISH.
POETRY, THAT'S THE ONLY
LANGUAGE THEY UNDERSTAND.
COME ON!
FIRST OYSTER?
- I WAS FIVE YEARS OLD,
ON A BEACH IN PORTUGAL.
MY DAD MANAGED TO GET ONE
OFF A FISHERMAN FOR ME.
IT SCARED THE HELL OUT
OF ME, BUT ONCE I ATE IT,
IT CHANGED MY LIFE.
FIRST MUSSEL?
ALTAMONT, AGED
FOUR. FIRST SQUID?
TEN MINUTES AFTER
MY FIRST OYSTER.
RUBBISH!
YEAH, IT TURNED INTO A FOOD
ORGY FOR THE FIVE-YEAR-OLD.
IT WAS INCREDIBLE!
COULDN'T STOP EATING.
FIRST SPARROW?
NO.
MONDAY, THE
THIRD OF JULY, 1992.
DOUBLE
DOMESTIC SCIENCE.
I WAS THE ONLY
BOY WITH 30 GIRLS.
ALL THE OTHER GUYS
TOOK METAL WORK.
THIS WAS A DAY YOU GOT TO
BRING IN WHATEVER YOU WANTED.
"COOK WHATEVER YOU
WANT TO COOK" DAY.
YOU DIDN'T.
TO HIS VERY GREAT CREDIT
THE TEACHER WENT ALONG
AND ATE IT WITH ME.
EVER SINCE I'VE LOVED
THE CRUNCH OF TINY,
LITTLE BIRD BONES
IN MY MOUTH.
SEE, PEOPLE THINK FOOD'S
ALL ABOUT TASTE, SMELL -
IT IS, BUT IT'S NOT.
IT'S ALSO ABOUT SOUND.
SO YOU'RE THE REASON SPARROWS
ARE DYING OUT IN ENGLAND?
I SAW THE OLD MAN ON THE
TELLY THE OTHER NIGHT.
HE'S GOT PRESENCE.
WHAT WAS HE COOKING?
RABBIT STUFFED WITH BLACK
PUDDING, WRAPPED WITH PARMA HAM.
THAT'S MINE.
THEY'RE ALWAYS YOURS,
JOE. JEALOUS?
ACTUALLY, I GOT THAT DISH
FROM A MAD OLD CRONE
HALF-WAY UP A MOUNTAIN
IN CAMBRIA, SO...
IT'S NOT MY IDEA.
DID I ASK FOR ICE? I
DIDN'T ASK FOR ICE.
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IT WAS LOVELY TO SEE YOU AGAIN
- AND TO MEET YOU.
ARE THEY HERE?
DUNCAN! I WAS JUST SAYING
GOOD NIGHT TO THOSE PEOPLE.
BILLY AND JOE HAVE GONE FOR A
WIND-DOWN VODKA, BUT THERE IS A
CUSTOMER WHO'D LIKE TO THANK THE
CHEF FOR HIS COOKING TONIGHT.
WHO?
A REGULAR WHO REGULARLY
BUYS $400 BOTTLES OF WINE.
I LOVE HIM ALREADY.
I HAVE SOMETHING
TO TELL YOU.
WHAT?
JOE SHOULD BE
THE FIRST TO HEAR.
OH, DUNCAN,
COME ON. TELL ME.
I'LL SETTLE FOR NOTHING
LESS THAN MARRIAGE.
ACTUALLY, DO YOU KNOW
WHAT I LOVE ABOUT SQUID?
WHAT DO YOU LOVE
ABOUT SQUID?
THE NAME. NOBODY KNOWS
WHERE IT CAME FROM.
IT JUST APPEARED ONE DAY
IN THE 17TH CENTURY.
IT'S LIKE GOD, RIGHT, PARTED
THE HEAVENS, REACHED DOWN
AND SAID "HERE YOU
ARE, PEOPLE. SQUID."
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SQUID.
(LAUGHTER)
(LOUD BEEPING)
JUMP!
BILLY! BILLY? YOU
ALRIGHT, BILLY?
YEAH.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING? YOU
COULD HAVE KILLED US!
YOU'RE JOE MACBETH.
HOW DID YOU
KNOW MY NAME?
WE KNOW EVERYTHING.
WE'RE BINMEN.
NOTHING WE
DON'T KNOW.
TWINKLE, TWINKLE
LITTLE STAR
HOW I WONDER
WHAT YOU'S ARE
THREE OF THEM, JOE.
THREE MICHELIN STARS
COMING YOUR WAY.
AND THAT'S NOT
ALL. OH, NO.
THE RESTAURANT, THE
WHOLE CABOODLE.
IT'S GONNA BE
YOURS, JOE.
OH, YEAH. WHAT
ABOUT ME?
LESS HAPPY
THAN HIM.
AND YET MORE
HAPPY.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
JOE GETS EVERYTHING
AND YOU DON'T.
BUT YOUR SON DOES.
AND HIS SON...
AND HIS SON
♪ AND HIS SON, AND HIS
SON, AND HIS SON ♪
(SINGING)
DUNCAN?
LOOK AT YOU TWO.
A PAIR OF WILD BOYS.
YOU'RE LIKE SONS TO
ME, YOU KNOW THAT.
WE ARE ON
HALLOWED GROUND.
ONLY THREE RESTAURANTS IN
BRITAIN HAVE WHAT WE HAVE.
NO.
OH, YES.
MY GOD, HAVE WE...?
THEY CALLED ME
THIS EVENING.
WE ARE STANDING IN A
THREE-STAR RESTAURANT.
THREE BIG BEAUTIFUL
MICHELIN STARS.
MY MA WOKE ME UP
TWICE IN MY CHILDHOOD
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT.
ONCE TO SEE NEIL ARMSTRONG STEP
OUT ONTO THE SURFACE OF THE MOON
AND ONCE TO WATCH MY FATHER
SLIP INTO THE PIG SHED AT DAWN
AND PUT A KNIFE INTO
A SLEEPING TAMWORTH.
I SAID "DOES THE KILLING OF
THE PIG WHILE IT'S ASLEEP
MAKE IT AN EASIER
DEATH, MA?"
SHE KNEW THE ANSWER
I WANTED TO HEAR
BUT SHE DIDN'T
GIVE IT TO ME.
"THE MEAT TASTES BETTER IF THE
DEATH IS LESS STRESSFUL".
IT WAS A RITE
OF PASSAGE.
I KNEW THEN HOW
IMPORTANT FOOD WAS
AND HOW YOU HAVE TO
BE TRUTHFUL ABOUT IT.
I SAID TO MY FATHER AFTERWARDS
"CAN I GO INTO LONG TROUSERS?"
AND HE LAUGHED AND
PUNCHED ME ON THE ARM.
I'VE BEEN OUT OF
SHORTS EVER SINCE.
THAT'S A VERY
BEAUTIFUL STORY.
I OWE A LOT TO
MY OLD MAN.
AND TO YOU, JOE.
MY FATHER TAUGHT ME
AND I TAUGHT YOU.
IT'LL BE A GREAT LEGACY
TO LEAVE TO MALCOLM
WHEN THE RESTAURANT
BECOMES HIS.
YOU KNOW HOW LONG I'VE KNOWN
THIS YORK? FIFTEEN YEARS.
FIFTEEN YEARS
ON MONDAY.
THERE'S ONE WORD TO
DESCRIBE HIM AS A WAITER.
IT'S UNHEARD OF
AMONGST ENGLISHMEN.
HE'S FRENCH.
ALL THAT TIME TOGETHER,
ALL THE UPS AND DOWNS,
AND HE STILL DOESN'T KNOW
THE NAMES OF MY CHILDREN.
CHILDREN? YOU
HAVE CHILDREN?
THE CHILDREN YOU'RE
GODFATHER TO.
A WORD, JOE...
WE'LL CELEBRATE
TOMORROW NIGHT.
HAVE A GUEST ROOM
MADE UP FOR ME.
IF IT'S HALF THE NIGHT
I THINK IT'LL BE...
I WON'T SEE ANYTHING
OF THE FOLLOWING DAY.
HOW'S HE GETTING
ON - MALCOLM?
FINE, FINE, FINE.
YOU WOULDN'T
LIE TO ME?
WOULD I LIE TO YOU?
HE DOESN'T HAVE IT
IN HIS BLOOD, JOE.
HE WAS A VEGETARIAN
FOR A YEAR.
GOD FORGIVE HIM, A SON
OF MINE, CAN YOU IMAGINE?
I'M TRUSTING YOU
WITH MY SON.
HE NEEDS A
TRANSFUSION.
GIVE HIM THAT, WILL YOU?
MAKE HIM FEEL
HOW YOU FEEL.
I KNOW I CAN
RELY ON YOU.
OF COURSE, IF I GO
UNDER A BUS TONIGHT
THE BOY WON'T BE READY AND
THE PLACE WILL BE YOURS.
I'M ON MY WAY, ELLA.
YOU DON'T GO ANYWHERE
BUT IN YOUR MERCEDES.
CHANCES OF YOU BEING RUN
OVER BY A BUS ARE ZERO.
TOMORROW NIGHT.
COOK ME A FEAST.
BILLY.
WEIRD NIGHT.
AYE.
STILL 48 HOURS
AND NO SLEEP.
NO WONDER THINGS
ARE A BIT WEIRD.
YOU SHOULD
GO HOME.
HE'S MORE LIKE A
HAIRDRESSER THAN A CHEF.
EVERYTHING WE'VE BUILT HERE
IS GONNA GO TO A HAIRDRESSER.
WHAT DOES MALCOLM
CARE ABOUT FOOD?
I HATE THE INJUSTICE.
ONE STAR TO THREE
IN TWO YEARS
AND HOW MANY SHIFTS HAS
DUNCAN DONE IN THAT TIME?
NOT MANY.
YOU'VE WORKED SO, SO HARD TO
MAKE THIS PLACE WHAT IT IS
AND WHO'S FACE IS GONNA BE IN
THE PAPERS TOMORROW, JOE?
NOT YOURS.
THREE-STAR
DUNCAN DOCHERTY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
YOU GONNA LET IT GO?
THEY SAID... THEY SAID
WE'D GET THREE STARS.
THAT'S AMAZING.
ANYTHING ELSE?
YES.
WHAT, JOE?
THEY SAID IT
WOULD ALL BE MINE.
WAS BILLY THERE?
YEAH.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
IT'S ALMOST 3:00. DUNCAN'S
STAYING HERE TONIGHT.
TONIGHT? YOU MEAN
TOMORROW, DON'T YOU?
NO, IT'S FRIDAY NOW. IT'S EASY
TO FORGET WHICH NIGHT'S WHICH
WHEN YOU'RE WORKING BACK TO
BACK 18-HOUR SHIFTS, ISN'T IT?
CHEFS DON'T SLEEP,
THAT'S PART OF IT.
HE MILKS YOU FOR
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT
AND HE PAYS YOU IN
CHARM AND BLARNEY.
HE PAYS ME
GOOD MONEY!
JOE, HE KNOWS NO AMOUNT OF MONEY
COVERS WHAT YOU DO FOR HIM
SO HE BULLSHITS YOU WITH
ALL HIS BACKSLAPPING
AND HIS SENTIMENT
- AND YOU BUY IT.
ELLA, DON'T.
YOU'RE TOO FULL OF THE MILK
OF HUMAN KINDNESS, JOE.
"THANK YOU, DUNCAN,
FOR THE SLAP ON THE BACK.
I'M SO VERY,
VERY GRATEFUL".
IS IT SHAMING TO
HEAR THE TRUTH, JOE?
WHAT KIND OF MAN IS IT WHO
DOESN'T FEEL HUMILIATED
IN THE POSITION
YOU'RE IN?
WHAT MAN IS THAT?
JOE?
STOP!
HE'LL BE DRUNK.
HE'LL BE DRUNK ON
HIS OWN SUCCESS.
HE'LL BE IN ONE OF THE
GUEST ROOMS, ASLEEP.
DON'T PRETEND YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
YOU DIDN'T TELL HIM ABOUT
YOUR BINMEN, DID YOU?
MAYBE YOU DIDN'T TELL HIM
BECAUSE YOU'RE THINKING
WHAT I'M THINKING.
I CAN READ YOUR
FACE LIKE A BOOK.
MEN DON'T GET RUN
OVER BY BUSES.
NO.
MORNING, ELLA!
HI BOYS!
SACK THEM.
WHAT FOR?
I DON'T KNOW - BEING
BAD AT WASHING UP?
JOE?
GOOD. BILLY, TASTE THAT.
WHAT ABOUT LUNCH?
WHO THE HELL ARE THEY?
ELLA: TOP CLASS
WASHER UPPERS.
WHERE ARE
THEY FROM?
THE 11TH CENTURY.
ALSO KNOWN AS THE
FORMER YUGOSLAVIA.
YOU ALRIGHT, CHAPS?
RIGHT, UH... YOU TWO
ARE ON YOUR BIKES.
WHY?
YOU JUST ARE.
WHAT'D WE
DO WRONG?
I NEED WASHING UPPERS
WITH AMBITION, SO...
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
DO YOU WANT TO BE A
GREAT CHEF ONE DAY?
NO.
I WANT TO BE A POET.
I WANT TO SEE
THE WORLD.
EXACTLY. GO WORK IN
A SANDWICH BAR.
GO WORK IN A
SANDWICH BAR IN NEPAL
AND YOU WRITE POETRY.
TAKE IT BEFORE I
CHANGE MY MIND.
THANKS CHEF!
ALRIGHT, GO ON.
I THOUGHT YOU
LIKED POETRY.
IT'S A RESTAURANT, BILLY.
PEOPLE GET SACKED.
AH!
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING AT?
GET THIS CLEANED UP.
...AND THEY GO ON THE MAGNETIC
STRIP IN THE KITCHEN.
THIS IS IT, JOE.
TONIGHT'S AS
GOOD AS IT GETS.
DON'T FORGET
TO ENJOY.
THE OLD MAN'S
ON HIS WAY.
ALRIGHT, ONE MULLET,
TABLE FOUR!
THREE WILD SALMON,
TABLE SIX!
CAN I BORROW ONE
OF THE NEW BOYS?
YEAH.
SLOBODAN,
YOU'RE WITH ELLA.
NOT MUCH POETRY
IN THOSE TWO.
THEY'RE CHEAP, BILLY.
THEY'RE CHEAP.
ALRIGHT, BOYS, LISTEN UP!
CHOPPED LIVER ON TOAST, BONE
MARROW, CHOCOLATE SAUCE.
EVERYTHING WE DO BEST,
EVERYTHING WE DO SIMPLY.
CHEF!
I WANT DUNCAN DOCHERTY TO
EAT THE MEAL OF HIS LIFE.
THE DOG'S BOLLOCKS,
LET'S GO!
WHAT? WHAT ARE
YOU LOOKING AT?
YOU COOK THE
BOLLOCKS OF DOGS?
UH, PIGS, YES. DOGS, NO.
NOT A BAD
IDEA THOUGH.
PRIVATE DINING ROOM'S
ALL SET UP FOR YOU.
THAT'S GRAND.
YOU KNOW WHAT I
HATE ABOUT THESE?
THE HAVOC THEY PLAY WITH
THE LINE OF YOUR SUIT.
THAT'S WHY ITALIAN MEN ARE
OUT THERE CARRYING HANDBAGS:
NO BULGES IN
THEIR ARMANI.
WELL, IN YOU
GO, FOLKS.
MY GOD, I'VE COME A LONG
WAY FROM THE TURF BOG
AND THE POTATO.
WHAT WOULD MY
MA SAY, ELLA?
SHE'D BE VERY,
VERY PROUD OF YOU.
I THINK SHE WOULD.
YOU SEND YOUR HUSBAND
IN TO SEE ME.
HOLD THESE A MINUTE.
TAKE THIS UP TO
THE GUEST ROOM.
GREEN DOOR, TOP
OF THE STAIRS.
HE LIKES A DRAM
BEFORE LIGHTS OUT.
TWO RABBIT, ONE MARROW,
TABLE 7, WHAT'S MY NAME?
CHEF!
TWO MINUTES.
YOU SAID "TWO MINUTES" TWO
MINUTES AGO. COME ON!
NO, NO, NO, MOVE!
THERE, GO!
DAD'S GONNA LOVE IT.
ISN'T IT YOUR NIGHT OFF?
FIRST NIGHT AS A
THREE-STAR MICHELIN
I THOUGHT I SHOULD
BE HERE BASICALLY.
DUNCAN WANTS
TO SEE YOU.
GET THOSE READY
FOR TABLE FIVE.
JOE?
HE WANTS TO SEE YOU.
I CAN'T SEE HIM! OKAY?
WON'T BE DOING ALL THAT
LATER ON, WILL YA?
NO, NO, RODDY STOP.
IF IT GETS UPSET BEFORE YOU PUT
HIM IN THE PAN, WHAT HAPPENS?
IT DOESN'T TASTE RIGHT.
RESPECT, RODDY.
KEEP HIM CALM.
YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE.
GONNA BE JUST FINE.
YOU ALRIGHT?
AYE. I AM FINE.
WHERE IS HE?
HE WANTS TO STAY
DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU KNOW WHAT
HE'S LIKE.
BECAUSE IT'S YOU HE WANTS TO
MAKE SURE EVERYTHING'S PERFECT.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WE ARE
ENJOYING A CULINARY EXPERIENCE
SECOND TO ONLY ONE.
WHAT IS IT?
PEOPLE ARE ASKING
TO SEE THE CHEF.
DO I HAVE TIME BEFORE
THE MAIN COURSE?
I'LL CHECK.
NOBODY BUT NOBODY COMES
BETWEEN ME AND MY BONE MARROW.
CHEF?
EXCELLENT. VERY GOOD.
TEN MINUTES.
PLENTY OF TIME.
ARE YOU SURE NOW?
FROM THE
HORSE'S MOUTH.
YOU'VE EARNED
THIS MOMENT.
I HAVE, HAVEN'T I?
ABSOLUTELY.
WAIT!
WHAT?
COME HERE.
THERE. NOW YOU'RE
THE REAL THING.
HOT AND BLOODY AND
STRAIGHT FROM THE STOVE.
EVERYTHING THAT
PEOPLE WANT IN A CHEF.
YOU KNOW WHAT I LOVE
ABOUT THIS WOMAN?
SHE HAS MASSIVE
BOLLOCKS.
THAT IS BEAUTIFUL.
SERVICE!
GOOD BOY, JOHNNY.
ALL HE DOES IS GO UP AND
DOWN STAIRS WITH A TRAY.
IT'S A SKILL HE
LEARNED IN FELTHAM.
CALM YOURSELF.
TAKE THIS MARROW FOR
DUNCAN'S PARTY, ON YOU GO.
DUNCAN'S ON
WALKABOUT.
WHERE HAS HE GONE?
OUT ON THE FLOOR. TEN
MINUTES AT LEAST.
UNDER THE LIGHTS,
JOHNNY BOY.
NO!
YOU CAN'T KEEP PERFECTION UNDER
THE LIGHT FOR TEN MINUTES.
THESE ARE READY
NOW. START AGAIN!
IS HE SERIOUS?
REMEMBER WHEN YOU
FIRST STARTED
YOU'D COME HOME WITH
YOUR HANDS ALL PUFFED UP?
I WAS HANDLING LANGOUSTINE
WITH OPEN CUTS.
DO YOU REMEMBER I
WOKE UP ONE MORNING
AND MY HANDS WERE IN
BUCKETS OF ANTISEPTIC?
YOU WERE SO TIRED I COULD PUT
YOUR HANDS IN BUCKETS OF ICE
AND YOU WOULDN'T
HAVE NOTICED.
YOU WERE GENTLE.
YOU'VE DONE THIS.
YOU'RE A KNIFE MAN, JOE.
YOU KNOW HOW IT FEELS.
YOU CAN'T IMAGINE A THING
LIKE THIS. HOW CAN YOU?
IT'S ALL SET UP.
YOU DO THIS AND WE
WIN EVERYTHING.
I KNOW HOW IT FEELS
TO LOVE A BABY, JOE.
I KNOW HOW IT FEELS TO HAVE
A BABY FEED AT MY BREAST.
ELLA...
THERE WAS A SMILE,
WASN'T THERE?
WELL, WE SAID
THERE WAS.
HIS ONE MOMENT OF REAL LIFE
BEFORE HE WENT AWAY.
I GAVE HIM THAT.
VERY GOOD BOYS, FINISH UP!
BEAUTIFUL.
HUSH. LISTEN.
IN ANOTHER LIFE I'D
MAKE A PASS AT YOU.
IN ANOTHER LIFE
I'LL LET YOU.
BEWITCHING WOMAN.
SLEEP WELL, CHEF.
RODDY!
YES, CHEF?
GO HOME.
YES, CHEF.
MALCOLM, YOU WORKED
WELL TONIGHT. GO HOME.
WE COOKED LIKE THREE-STAR
CHEFS TONIGHT.
DOESN'T MATTER THAT NO ONE
KNOWS IT'S US AND NOT HIM.
WE KNOW, THAT'S
WHAT COUNTS.
ABSOLUTELY.
DRINK OR SLEEP?
(PHONE ALARM)
IS THAT YOUR
LITTLE CODE?
SHE'S SUMMONING YOU
TO THE BEDROOM?
YEAH, RIGHT.
SO NEITHER THEN?
NEITHER WHAT, BILLY?
DRINK OR SLEEP.
WHATEVER. BLUE
ROOM'S FREE, YEAH?
DUNCAN'S SLEEPING
IN THE GREEN ROOM.
NIGHT THEN, JOE.
NIGHT, BILLY.
YOU TWO GO
HOME AS WELL.
THANK YOU.
BRIGHT AND EARLY
TOMORROW MORNING THOUGH.
HELLO? HELLO?
GORAN? GORAN?
HI, DO YOU HAVE ANYONE BY
THE NAME OF DRAGAN ANCOVIC
OR GORAN BOBEC
LIVING WITH YOU?
I'M FROM
IMMIGRATION.
(CHANTING)
(HOWLING)
HE OPENED HIS EYES AND
TOOK HOLD OF MY HAND
AS IF I WAS GOING
TO HELP HIM.
HE THOUGHT THAT
I COULD HELP HIM.
HE THOUGHT I WAS
GOING TO HELP HIM.
MY HAND IS
BLEEDING AGAIN.
HE GRABBED ONTO ME
SO TIGHT THAT...
IS YOUR BLOOD
ON THE KNIFE?
JOE, IS YOUR BLOOD
I DON'T KNOW!
OKAY. OKAY, THIS
IS WHAT YOU DO.
YOU GO
DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU PUT THE GLOVES AND THE
KNIFE INTO THE BINS OUTSIDE.
DO YOU HEAR?
YOU DO IT NOW.
IT HAS TO BE BEFORE
THE BINMEN COME.
THEN YOU GET THE OTHER
PAIR OF BLACK GLOVES
AND A SECOND KNIFE
FROM THE KITCHEN
AND BRING THEM
UP HERE. GO.
GO, LET'S GO.
(LAUGHTER)
I CAN'T GO BACK
IN THERE.
ELLA, I CAN'T!
THE FIRST KNIFE KILLED HIM BUT
THEY'LL FIND THE SECOND KNIFE.
WITH HIS
BLOOD ON IT.
THEY CAN TELL.
THEY'LL KNOW THAT
THAT KNIFE DIDN'T...
DIDN'T GO INTO...
OH, MY GOD. YOU...
I TOLD YOU. WE'RE
IN THIS TOGETHER.
HE WAS DEAD.
SO IT WAS
EASIER FOR ME.
ELLA: A LITTLE WATER
AND WE'RE CLEAN.
(DOOR SLAMMING)
WHAT
WAS THAT?
WHAT?
SOMEONE COMING
IN DOWNSTAIRS.
WHAT TIME
IS IT?
IT'S MORNING.
ALREADY?
YOU'VE BEEN ASLEEP.
I'LL NEVER
SLEEP AGAIN.
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU'VE BEEN ASLEEP, AND NOW
IT'S JUST AN ORDINARY MORNING.
NOTHING'S HAPPENED.
GO DOWNSTAIRS AND
TALK TO WHOEVER IT IS.
GOOD. GO.
IS HE AWAKE?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
SIX.
I SLEPT IN.
BEATS A HANGOVER.
IS THE OLD MAN OFF?
NO, HE'S...
WHERE IS HE?
MAYBE WE SHOULD
LEAVE HIM.
DOES HE EVEN NEED
TO BE AWAKE YET?
HE ASKED ME
TO WAKE HIM.
HE WANTS TO DISCUSS
THE WINE LIST
BEFORE HE DOES HIS
PRESS INTERVIEWS.
THEY CAN'T GET
ENOUGH OF HIM.
PEASANT IRISH BOY, TOAST OF THE
CULINARY WORLD AND ALL THAT.
SO, WHICH
ROOM IS HE IN?
DARLING, WHICH
ROOM IS DUNCAN IN?
UH, GREEN ROOM.
WHAT A NIGHT.
DID YOU HEAR THE
HOWLING MAN?
I DID.
MY GOD.
HOWLING AT WHAT?
HOWLING, THAT'S
WHAT HE DOES.
COFFEE ANYONE?
PETER? YOU ALRIGHT?
PETER?
HE'S DEAD.
STABBED.
WHAT?
MURDERED?
HERE?
THEY'LL SEE I'VE DONE
TIME FOR VIOLENCE
AND THEN THEY'LL
COME FOR ME.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
THEY'LL MAKE THE FACTS FIT WITH
IT BEING ME. IT'S WHAT THEY DO.
I'M TELLING YOU IT'S
GOING TO BE FINE.
I PUT MY KNIFE
IN A MAN.
YOU'VE PAID FOR IT.
IT'S OVER.
YOU THINK THEY
EVER THINK THAT?
YOU'VE DONE YOUR TIME IN
JAIL. YOUR SLATE'S CLEAN.
THAT'S THE WAY IT
WORKS, ISN'T IT?
ISN'T IT?
IT NEVER
LEAVES YOU.
THERE HE IS.
THE LOCKER ROOM.
YEAH.
THE BOYS RULE
THE KITCHEN.
WE HAVE A LOT IN COMMON,
YOU COOKS AND US COPPERS.
DO A LOT OF DRUGS?
SOME, YOU?
WHO DO YOU THINK
DID THE OLD MAN?
WOULD YOU STOP
CALLING HIM THAT?
I'M A GOOD LISTENER.
PICK THINGS UP QUICKLY.
YOU HAVEN'T ANSWERED
MY QUESTION.
IF I'D HAVE DIED AN HOUR
BEFORE DUNCAN DOCHERTY
I'D HAVE DIED
A HAPPY MAN.
NOW IT'S AS IF EVERYTHING THAT
WAS IMPORTANT IN LIFE IS GONE.
NOTHING CAN EVER
BE SERIOUS AGAIN.
(PHONE RINGING)
I CAN'T BEGIN TO EXPRESS MY
SADNESS AT WHAT'S HAPPENED HERE.
THIS IS A TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE
TRAGEDY AND ANYONE...
WHO KNOWS ANYTHING ABOUT
THIS UNSPEAKABLE CRIME
MUST COME FORWARD.
WHAT DOES THE DEATH OF DUNCAN
DOCHERTY MEAN TO YOU?
IT'S AS THOUGH EVERYTHING THAT
WAS IMPORTANT HAS GONE...
OUT OF LIFE.
AND NOTHING CAN EVER
BE SERIOUS AGAIN.
SO WHAT WILL HAPPEN
TO THE RESTAURANT?
THIS RESTAURANT WAS
DUNCAN'S PRIDE AND JOY.
HE WAS EXTREMELY PROUD
OF WHAT HE ACHIEVED HERE.
AND WE WILL BE OPEN TONIGHT IN
HONOR OF DUNCAN DOCHERTY.
IT'S WHAT HE WOULD
HAVE WANTED
AND WHAT HE WOULD
HAVE EXPECTED.
AMAZING WOMAN.
AMAZING.
I'M SORRY.
JUST ONE MORE
QUESTION, PLEASE.
THE FIRST MAN IS SIX FEET TALL,
LATE 20'S AND DARK BROWN HAIR.
HE SPEAKS WITH A
HEAVY SERBIAN ACCENT.
THE SECOND MAN WE WANT TO TALK
TO IS TWO OR THREE INCHES TALLER
WITH A SHAVED HEAD.
HE'S HEAVIER THAN THE FIRST
MAN, PROBABLY 14 STONE.
THE SECOND MAN WE ALSO KNOW HAS
GREEN EYES AND A SERBIAN ACCENT.
IT'S MOST LIKELY THAT THESE
TWO MEN ARE STILL TOGETHER.
BOTH MEN ARE DANGEROUS.
THEY SHOULD UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES BE APPROACHED.
IF YOU DO RECOGNIZE ANY OF THESE
MEN, PLEASE DO CONTACT US.
THANK YOU.
I CAN'T BEGIN TO EXPRESS MY
SADNESS AT WHAT'S HAPPENED HERE.
(KNOCK AT THE DOOR)
(LOUD KNOCKING)
ALRIGHT!
MICHELIN MAN,
GOOD AFTERNOON.
YOU'VE BEEN EXPECTING ME,
I SHOULD WARRANT.
THIS WAY, IS IT?
HERE'S HOW IT IS.
YOU CAN CONFESS NOW
AND WE CAN WORK IT OUT
VIS A VIS TO THE
SATISFACTION OF US BOTH.
OR I CAN DO MY FOUR
HOURS OF SCRUNTING ABOUT
AND COME UP WITH
EVERYTHING YOU COULD HAVE
'FESSED UP TO FOUR
HOURS PREVIOUS.
YOU CATCH MY DRIFT,
MICHELIN MAN?
IT'S ONLY PROPER THAT I ADMIT AT
THIS JUNCTURE THAT I'M MORE
LIKELY TO LOOK KINDLY ON THE
SINS OF A CONFESSEE THAN THE
SINS OF A BLOKE WHO HAS MADE ME
WORK FOR MY POUND OF FLESH.
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE
MY SHAKESPEARE.
WHAT'S THE
STORY HERE?
I CAN SEE YOU
WANT TO TELL ME.
COME ON. BARE YOUR
SOUL, MICHELIN MAN.
HOW ABOUT I MAKE IT EASY FOR YOU
AND TELL YOU MY SUSPICIONS?
YOU STOP ME
IF I'M WRONG.
COCKROACHES, MICE, FISH
ON THE TURN, A RAT OR TWO?
I'LL TELL YOU
SOMETHING.
EXTERMINATING RATS IS
EMOTIONALLY VERY COSTLY.
WAY MORE THAN THE
AVERAGE COCKROACH CALL
BECAUSE RATS ARE BRAINY,
SEE? AND FULL OF SPUNK.
OF COURSE YOU'VE GOT
TO ADMIRE THE RODENT,
BUT THEY DON'T GET IT, SEE?
THEY NEVER LEAVE THE DRAINS.
SO FOR ALL THEIR BRAINS
AND SPUNK AND FECUNDITY
THERE'S NOTHING
LIKE A RAT PROBLEM.
IT'S A PIECE OF CAKE.
IT'S THE SEWER
EVERY TIME.
TRAGIC REALLY.
I COULD HAVE YOU
CLOSED DOWN FOR THIS.
MICHELIN STARS OR
NO MICHELIN STARS.
BUT I WON'T. DO
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE WHEN I LOOK INTO
YOUR EYES I SEE WHAT YOU ARE:
A MAN WHO IS COMMITTED TO
RUNNING A CLEAN KITCHEN.
I'M NEVER WRONG.
DUMP THE SCALLOPS...
THERE'S A GOOD LAD.
♪ OH, LORD WON'T YOU BUY
ME A MERCEDES BENZ ♪
♪ MY FRIENDS ALL DRIVE PORSCHE,
I MUST MAKE AMENDS ♪
♪ WORKED HARD ALL MY LIFETIME,
NO HELP FROM MY FRIENDS ♪
♪ SO LORD, WON'T YOU BUY
ME A MERCEDES BENZ. ♪
THIS IS THE SIGNATURE
DISH IN THE RESTAURANT.
THEY GO WILD FOR
IT. SO WILL YOU.
WHICH VARIETY OF
RABBIT DO WE GO FOR,
DO WE GO FOR FARM OR
DO WE GO FOR WILD?
TIME FOR THE
NIGHT SHIFT.
...BUT IF YOU GET
IT RIGHT, BY GOD,
THE FLAVORS COME
FLOWING OUT BEAUTIFULLY.
TAKE THE RISK. GO WILD.
SHOOT IT YOURSELF
IF YOU CAN.
AFTER POACHING IT LOOKS
SOMETHING LIKE THIS...
GORGEOUS.
DO YOURSELF
A FAVOR.
BEFORE SLICING UP, SHOW YOUR
FRIENDS AND THEN PAN-FRY.
VERY IMPORTANT, THIS:
WHEN FRYING,
USE OLIVE OIL.
BUTTERY FLAVORS ARE
WRONG FOR THIS DISH.
OLIVE OIL IS BEST.
YOU'VE GOT...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HEY, I ASKED HIM
TO DO THAT.
I CAN'T BEAR TO
LOOK AT HIM.
I MISS HIM
TOO MUCH.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING.
NO.
YOU'RE NOT
BEING YOURSELF.
WHO IS THAT?
THE OLD JOE.
THE GUY WHO PUTS
EVERYTHING HE HAS
INTO COOKING THE
BEST FOOD HE CAN...
OR THE MAN WHO STABS
PEOPLE IN THEIR SLEEP?
YOU SAID THIS
WOULD BE OKAY.
IT IS OKAY.
THIS IS NOT OKAY!
MY HEAD IS FULL OF...
I IMAGINE THINGS.
TERRIBLE THINGS.
WHAT'S DONE IS DONE.
YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT?
OF COURSE.
THEN WHY CAN'T YOU SLEEP
WITH THE LIGHTS OFF?
WHERE ARE
THE OTHERS?
WHAT OTHERS?
THE OTHER BINMEN.
IT'S ONLY US.
NO, IT ISN'T.
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR,
MATE. GET SOME SLEEP.
(BEEPING SOUND)
JOE MACBETH!
DON'T ASK.
I HAVE TO KNOW.
WATCH OUT FOR
THE BIG WAITER.
MACDUFF?
YEAH, THAT'S
THE ONE.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
THESE THINGS?
THE WHOLE
STORY IS HERE.
FROM BANANA FLAVORED
RUBBER RIGHT THROUGH
TO THE YELLOW, HACKED OUT
GOB OF ANCIENT DRUGS.
ALL OF LIFE.
IN A SPECIAL ROOM.
DRIPPING NEEDLES.
ALL THE GREAT EXCITEMENTS THAT
GET US FROM CRADLE TO THE GRAVE.
THE SOUND AND THE FURY.
IT ALL ENDS WITH US.
INCINERATED.
OBLITERATED.
YESTERDAY'S BREAKFAST,
YESTERDAY'S MEAT IS TODAY'S MEN.
ALL OUR YESTERDAYS.
ALL OUR TOMORROWS.
BYE BYE. BYE BYE.
BYE BYE.
STOP! WHAT ABOUT BILLY?
WE TOLD YOU.
WE TOLD HIM.
LESS HAPPY THAN YOU,
AND YET MORE HAPPY.
AND ME... WHAT
HAPPENS TO ME?
PIGS WILL FLY BEFORE
ANYTHING HAPPENS TO YOU.
PIGS WILL DROP ON YOUR HEAD
BEFORE YOU'RE HARMED.
♪ PIGS WILL FLY, PIGS WILL
FLY, PIGS WILL FLY... ♪
THE OLD MAN USED
TO LOVE ALL THIS.
OUT HERE,
CRACK OF DAWN.
WE USED TO DO
THIS ALL THE TIME.
NOW THAT IS SOME
BEAUTIFUL LIVER, GUYS.
YOU CAN SMELL
THE QUALITY.
WHAT A POWERHOUSE. IT
STORES STUFF, IT PROCESSES,
SENDS OUT WHAT OTHER
PARTS OF THE BODY NEEDS,
CLEANS THE BLOOD.
USES A LOT OF ENERGY WITH
ALL THE WORK IT DOES.
THAT'S WHY YOU GET THAT
FANTASTIC DARK RED COLOR.
IT'S AN INCREDIBLE WORK.
YES, I KNOW, BILLY.
YET IT'S SO DELICATE.
TEN SECONDS TOO
LONG IN THE PAN
AND YOU'VE BLOWN
IT, HAVEN'T YOU?
TOTALLY BLOWN IT.
SO, DOES IT
PASS MUSTER?
WE'RE HAVING
ANOTHER BABY.
THAT'S GREAT.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE AFTER?
A BOY SO FAR, SO ANOTHER
BOY WOULD BE GOOD.
SERVICE!
WIPE AND GO.
WHAT THE HELL
WAS THAT?
DO PEOPLE WANT YOUR
SWEAT WITH THEIR PIG,
MAYBE WE SHOULD PUT "SWEAT
OF JOHNNY BOY" ON THE MENU.
HE ONLY WIPES HIS FOREHEAD
THEN USES THE SAME CLOTH
TO WIPE A PLATE.
APPETIZERS ON THE TABLE WITHIN
THREE MINUTES, BUT WE CAN'T HAVE
JOHNNY BOY SWEATING OVER
EVERYTHING CAN WE, BILLY?
NO.
YOU DON'T HAVE A
TOWEL, DO YOU?
NOPE.
SO LICK IT.
WHAT?
JOE.
LICK HIS FOREHEAD.
ARE YOU DEAF?
WHO'S THE HEAD
CHEF NOW?
IS IT YOU, BILLY?
YOU GO.
I RUN THIS KITCHEN!
MINE IS THE ONLY VOICE.
TOMORROW MORNING, EVERYONE,
THERE'S A BREAKFAST MEETING.
JOE AND I WOULD LIKE
YOU ALL TO COME.
AND IF YOU'RE NOT DOWN TO WORK
YOU'LL BE PAID FOR BEING THERE.
IT'S IMPORTANT. ALRIGHT?
WE'RE LIKE ACTORS,
AREN'T WE?
OUT THERE UNDER HOT LIGHTS,
STRUTTING OUR STUFF.
ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN.
BILLY, SOMETIMES
IT DOES.
FIRST RULE IN A
KITCHEN, JOE.
RESPECT.
I'M SORRY.
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
HEAR IT PUMPING AWAY?
THE MINUTE MY HEART
STOPS DOING THAT
I WANT YOU TO GET ME
OUT OF HERE, OKAY?
OKAY?
OKAY.
MAD BOY.
YEAH, BUT YOU LOVE ME.
YEAH.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S OKAY.
I'M A BIT WIRED, YOU
KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT
HELPS ME?
WHAT'S THAT, BILLY?
CYCLING.
IT CLEARS
YOUR HEAD?
SOMETIMES I GET
HOME I CAN'T SLEEP.
I WAIT FOR FREDDIE TO WAKE UP
AND WE GO OUT ON OUR BIKES.
FATHER AND
SON THING.
UP IN THE HEATH?
YEAH, KITE WOODS.
SOMETIMES AFTERWARDS I
ACTUALLY SLEEP PROPERLY.
DO YOU EVER THINK
ABOUT THOSE BINMEN?
NO, NEVER.
YOU GOING UP TO KITE
WOODS IN THE MORNING?
YEAH, THINK I WILL.
AS LONG AS YOU DON'T MISS
THE BREAKFAST, BILLY.
SEE YOU, JOE.
SEE YOU, BILLY.
BE THERE AT HALF
SEVEN IN THE MORNING.
RIGHT, BYE.
WHO WAS THAT?
A SUPPLIER.
AT THIS TIME?
HE'S A BUTCHER, ELLA!
ALL GOOD BUTCHERS
ARE UP BY NOW.
COME ON, FREDDIE!
COMING, DAD.
DAD? DAD?
IT'S DONE.
IT HAD TOBE DONE.
HE WAS GOING TO THE
POLICE ABOUT YOU.
HIS BOY
WAS WITH HIM.
DID YOU...?
NO, I DIDN'T.
I WANT TO GIVE YOU ALL ONE OF
THESE AS A GESTURE OF THANKS
FOR ALL THE BLOOD, SWEAT AND
TEARS OVER THE LAST FEW WEEKS.
IN THE SHOPS
THESE ARE $25.99.
OBVIOUSLY, TO YOU
GUYS THEY'RE $22.50.
HERE YOU GO.
TO ALL OF YOU, CHEERS.
CHEERS, GUYS,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WHERE'S BILLY, JOE?
HE SHOULD BE HERE.
HAS HE NOT
CALLED IN?
BILLY DOESN'T CALL IN. HE HAS
A HOTLINE TO THE HEAD CHEF.
YOU COULD CHECK
YOUR PHONE, JOE.
HE HASN'T CALLED...
IT'S BILLY.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL UP
HERE... FRESH...
HE'S UP IN THE HEATH.
HE GOES CYCLING.
I'LL SEE YOU AT BREAKFAST.
DON'T FALL ASLEEP.
WHAT DID HE SAY?
"SEE YOU AT BREAKFAST".
CHEERS, RODDY.
THERE YOU ARE, JOE.
(PHONE RINGING)
IT'S A VIDEO MESSAGE.
WHERE DO YOU GET
A VIDEO MESSAGE?
BILLY, THE BIKE...
LOOK AT THAT.
DON'T!
UH, LISTEN EVERYONE.
JOE'S BEEN A BIT...
HE'S NOT BEEN HIMSELF.
LEAVE ME ALONE!
WHY WON'T YOU
LOOK AT ME?
YOU LOOK AT YOURSELF
IN THE MIRROR,
BUT YOU WON'T
LOOK AT ME.
AM I WORSE THAN YOU?
AM I?
COME AND SIT
DOWN, CHEF.
YEAH, I'M A BIT WIRED AND...
WHAT WAS IT? LACK OF SLEEP.
OH NO...
I'M SORRY.
GET HIM AWAY
FROM ME.
GET AWAY FROM ME!
WHY DON'T YOU ALL GO
AND SET UP FOR LUNCH.
MAYBE HE'S...
I DON'T WANT YOUR OPINION,
RODDY. JUST DO IT.
HE WAS THERE.
WHO?
SITTING IN THAT CHAIR.
HE WAS ON TO US.
WHO WAS, JOE?
BILLY.
WHY, WHY CAN'T YOU
SEE WHAT I SEE?
WHY CAN'T YOU FEEL
THE THINGS THAT I FEEL?
ELLA?
WE WERE
TOGETHER ONCE.
AND THEN YOU STOPPED
TALKING TO ME.
SERVICE!
JOHNNY BOY'S
UPSTAIRS, CHEF.
SHOULD I TAKE
IT UPSTAIRS, RODDY?
WOULD YOU LIKE
ME TO DO THAT?
AFTER ALL, I'M ONLY THE
HEAD CHEF. IS THAT MY JOB?
NO, CHEF.
MALCOLM!
THAT'S THE WRONG
SAUCE, CHEF.
WHAT?
I THINK THAT'S THE
WRONG SAUCE.
DO YOU?
EVERYONE!
MALCOLM HERE, AGE 12, THINKS
I'M USING THE WRONG SAUCE!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT ANYTHING?
LOOK AT THESE.
WHERE'S THE PAIN?
WHERE ARE THE WOUNDS?
HAIRDRESSER!
I'M GONNA BE THE REAL
THING, LIKE MY DAD.
WHAT DID YOU
JUST SAY?
GIVE ME THAT.
YOU WANT TO BE
THE REAL THING?
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE
YOUR FIRST REAL BURNS?
CHEF!
SHUT UP!
GET ELLA.
GO AHEAD.
COME ON!
CUSTOMER ON TABLE 7 SAYS HIS
LAMB ISN'T COOKED PROPERLY.
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
IS THERE A PROBLEM
WITH THE COOKING?
GET THE HELL OUT
OF MY RESTAURANT!
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING AT?
EAT.
GOOD NIGHT.
WE LOVE IT WHEN
YOU'RE HERE.
SHUT UP, AMELIA.
I HAVE TO GO.
YOU PROMISED
YOU'D DO BEDTIME.
I'LL BE BACK AS
SOON AS I CAN.
BE BACK AS
DON'T DO THAT -
COPY EVERYTHING.
STAY, DADDY.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
DON'T GO, DADDY.
OFF, GET OFF!
BLOODY HELL, PETER.
ARE YOU GETTING
A DIVORCE?
NO, DON'T BE SILLY.
MOMMY'S JUST SAD THAT DADDY
ISN'T HERE FOR SUPPER.
DADDY'S SAD TOO.
WHAT'S A DIVORCE?
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M SAYING.
YOUR FATHER WASN'T MURDERED
BY TWO ROUGHNECK SERBS
ON A BOTCHED ROBBERY.
LET ME ASK YOU
A QUESTION.
WHAT DID JOE MACBETH GAIN BY
THE DEATH OF YOUR FATHER?
I'LL TELL YOU
THE ANSWER...
EVERYTHING HE'S
EVER WANTED.
I DON'T OWE YOU
ANYTHING MORE.
HAVE A BEER.
YOU KILLED BILLY.
ONCE YOU'VE STARTED...
NO.
WHAT'S ONE MORE?
NO!
DO YOU SEE HOW VARLEY IS
VERY GOOD AT WHAT HE DOES?
HE'S A LISTENER.
NOW, ONE WORD FROM
ME... A HINT, A WHISPER,
AND THEY'LL BE ALL
OVER YOU, JOHNNY BOY.
I CAN'T GO
BACK INSIDE.
THEN YOU TAKE CARE
OF PETER MACDUFF.
THREE DAYS AND
TWO NIGHTS...
THEN THEY CUT ME OPEN
AND OUT HE POPPED.
CLEAN AS A WHISTLE.
BUT TINY...
LIKE A BIRD...
WITH TINY LUNGS
AND A TINY HEART.
THEN THREE MORE DAYS AND NIGHTS
JOE AND I SAT LOOKING AT HIM
IN HIS LITTLE BOX, ALL
HOOKED UP WITH TUBES.
WE DIDN'T GO TO SLEEP.
I HELD HIM ONCE.
THEY KNEW IT WAS OVER, SO
THEY GAVE HIM TO US TO HOLD.
HE PUT HIS LITTLE MOUTH
TO ME... AND THEN HE DIED.
THE SIZE OF THE COFFIN
WAS SO SMALL...
IT MADE ME LAUGH.
(GUNSHOTS)
JESUS!
CALL THE POLICE!
WHERE ARE YOU, JOE?
ELLA!
(HOWLING)
ALL OF THEM?
BOTH MY GIRLS?
AND MY WIFE?
CHEF!
ELLA...
I'M SORRY.
SAY IT.
SHE'S DEAD.
DEAD.
SORRY.
DON'T YOU SAY SORRY.
SHE WASMY WIFE.
YES.
AM I SORRY, RODDY?
DO I STILL HAVE
THAT IN ME?
WHAT DO I FEEL ABOUT
THE DEATH OF MY WIFE?
NOTHING.
I FEEL NOTHING.
GO ON, LEAVE ME.
JOE...
GO AWAY!
MACBETH!
I WON'T FIGHT YOU, PETER.
I'VE ALREADY GOT TOO MUCH
MACDUFF BLOOD ON MY HANDS.
YOU DON'T WANT TO
FIGHT ME, MACDUFF.
NOBODY CAN HURT ME.
NOBODY CAN HURT
ME, I'M IMMORTAL.
WHAT WAS THAT?
A HELICOPTER?
IS IT LANDING ON
THIS BUILDING?
PIGS WILL FLY!
PIGS ARE LANDING
ON MY HEAD!
WELL, COME ON!
COME ON, RODDY! I WANT
THESE NOW, NOT TOMORROW!
YES, CHEF. SORRY, CHEF.
LET'S GO!
THIS IS MY
FATHER'S RECIPE.
RABBIT STUFFED
WITH BLACK PUDDING
WRAPPED
IN PARMA HAM.
HE LOVED IT BECAUSE IT REMINDED
HIM OF HIS HOME IN IRELAND
AND OF THE PEOPLE HE
WAS BROUGHT UP WITH.
♪